fix possible errors with comma (#499)
soramitsu/soramitsu-js-ui-library: .changeset/long-needles-tap.md

---
'@soramitsu-ui/ui': patch
---

> **fix**(`STable`): replace comma with underscore to prevent error when import by scss (tailwind style)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**fix**(`STable`): fix WindiCSS utility usage - replace comma with underscore (~~`grid-cols-[min-content,1fr]`~~ `grid-cols-[min-content_1fr]`). Comma caused an error when compiled styles are imported through SCSS.
```

Looks not bad:

(~~`grid-cols-[min-content,1fr]`~~ `grid-cols-[min-content_1fr]`)

Author: changed
